add new sso and scim faqs (#8963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-okta.md

Now that you've set up SSO with Okta, you can [set up SCIM](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-okta) to automate user and group provisioning (and license assignment for Okta).
:::

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> For common questions and troubleshooting guidance — including issues with email verification, MFA prompts, and SSO group mapping behavior — see [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common questions and troubleshooting guidance — including issues with email verification, MFA prompts, and SSO group mapping behavior — refer to [SSO FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/sso-faq).
```
